Microsoft Visual Basic 1.0 Professional for MS-DOS
Released in 1992 by Microsoft
For DOS

First released in 1991, Microsoft Visual Basic was a programming
environment where one could build an application by visually creating
the user interface first, and then adding code. In contrast, even the
smallest Visual Basic basic programs could take reams of program code
to write in C or C++. Visual Basic was extremely popular for business
application programming. The language itself was an interpreted BASIC
dialect, however speed was maintained through the use of reusable
compiled libraries (DLLs and VBX controls). These however, limited
application development to Microsoft Windows.

Visual Basic easily interfaced with many database products (most
notably Microsoft Access) and reporting tools (most notably Crystal
Reports)

Visual Basic 3 was the most popular version under 16-bit Windows 3.1,
while Visual Basic 6 was the most popular for 32-bit Windows 95/NT
and later. After version 6, Visual Basic was replaced by Visual Basic
.NET, an incompatible successor.

Microsoft Visual Basic 1.0 for DOS is unique in that it was the only
version released for something other than Microsoft Windows. VB for
DOS uses the text video mode, but provides forms and UI controls
similar to Windows. This product replaces Microsoft BASIC
Professional Development System 7.1.

The professional version contains CodeView, Source Profiler, database 
libraries, and many additional samples and libraries.

Note: Every copy of SETUP.EXE contains a unique serial number.
